the only experience was founded in
nineteen sixty eight for my father
reaching later graduated Yale Law School
Musical perch marina pen it's one of
three brothers raised by a single mom he
understands the importance of portable
housing and he understands that people
need a quality place to live regardless
of their income so in this product
manufactured columns and he realizes the
efficiencies in this product resulted in
great cost savings Jacob easy as making
the public it will fit how engineers can
hint in your community provide you with
the finest to manage the swimming pool
clubhouse you look at how the onsite
manager to manage the computed provided
with a safe place to live in take care
of your needs for years and before that
though you actually lived in me all
right yes how long did you live in 15
years so right now in the clubhouse and
Nicole why don't you tell them what
we've used the clubhouse for people use
the club house to rent for birthday
parties when's baby showers any type of
file functions can I did was a pretty
big problem yet this type of housing was
the best thousand typically provided to
working families and families of normal
meet the people the jobs are precious
officers nurses mechanics they are
teachers this is a variety of difference
i'm here with thomas lake for a
president of fairview matter in Vineland
New Jersey and how much you tell us
something about how do you like living
in your house in the community I like me
if he runs the place very well does a
good job and you look down one we have
auxiliary cables it and I like to play
since I like alcohol lay down you know I
love living here where I used to live
I'd like if we get out and I came here
everything feel much better and say you
can I really do like a year okay this
new place to live and it is near where
you work five minutes wet service
power-ups ends and we look at other
houses how did we plug how do we compare
crosswise them the houses you're looking
at today cost under 1,300
robots delivered 30 houses that range
from 750 few months and thirteen hundred
dollars per if you have an income
household incomes ranging from 30
thousands on on up then you will reach
communities has a products for you when
people are looking at housing you look a
number of housing choices your housing
choices range from conventional homes
would land to apartments townhouses and
manufactured homes and land lease I want
to come too why a manufactured home of
Atlanta's community is your best hazard
shoes were you buying the professional
home of land today they're going to
require ten percent maybe 20 to send
them on 150 thousand dollar assets
$15,000 down $300,000 else that's thirty
thousand dollars day not everybody has
them I counted that when you look at
your monthly payment what happens if you
can't or you want to think because your
monthly payment on your house and we're
living expenses is just two hundred
dollars per month more than you learn
where you going to hit your fourth at
four hundred dollars per month if you
want a borrowing it on a credit card
you're eighteen percent plus interest on
that in one year they will accumulate
four thousand eight hundred dollars in
credit question in two years it's not
nine thousand six hundred dollars in bed
instead it's the 4600 plus eighty
percent plus four thousand eight hundred
dollars again at the end of five years
this adds up to a significant sum of
money by choosing the house you feel for
it we put money in the bank save money
and have something of value you'll each
be names consists of twelve thousand
eight hundred home sites in six to eight
communities where your vacant land you
in another two thousand sites oh we have
two thousand vacant sites today we want
to be the company you choose to provide
you with your house we want to provide
you with the finest affordable housing
we want to be the place you choose to
look come visit is a young age calm
where you can shoot a page about our
company's grown type of homes was
showing updated on Hugh communities
whose board places we've built and
you'll learn all about our communities
and our from you major in business for
45 years we have sold over 3,000 homes
we financed over 20 million dollars in
home sales how we look forward to being
your ass provider
you